List of Amendments1.   IntroductionRevision 3 of the CD-I Full Functional Specification  provides   necessary corrections, additions, clarification  and editorial  amendments for   the following chapters:     Chapter II    CD-I Disc Format     Chapter III Data Retrieval Structure     Chapter IV  Audio Data Representation     Chapter V   Real Time Video Data Representation     Chapter VI  Program-related Data Representation     Chapter VII CD-RTOSA new appendix has been added:     Appendix V.2Guidelines for 525/625 Image Interchange.Due to its large  number of pages and  in view of  an improved   editorial presentation for the coming Revision 4, Appendix VII.1 (CD-RTOS  technical manual, Rel. 2.2) is  not being distributed with  this revision, but    is available on request.2.   Significant changesThe most significant changes in this Revision 3 are:Chapter II     Lead in area formatChapter III     Data Retrieval Structure is aligned on the recent ISO 9660 StandardChapter V     Reduced Screen and Border are suppressed     Rules for 525/625 line  image interchange are finalized  to   ensure compatibility     Dual 7-bit CLUT mode is added     The concepts  of  RTRI  and  RTCA,  one of  the  possible  ways   of      supporting Real Time Files, are moved from Chapters V and VII.          An adaptation  is still  being worked  out to  be  presented as   an      example in AppendixChapter VII     Simplification of the file protection mechanism     Addition, modification, deletion of  some service requests   offered      by CD-RTOS     Updated definition of CDFM and UCM related data structures     Description of the Non Volatile RAM File driver3.   Page numberingAs far as possible page numbering is kept.  However,-    In Chapter V     New pages 91 to 105 replace old pages 91 to 111-    In Chapter VII     New pages i to x replace old pages i to xii          New pages 161 to 172 replace old pages 161 to 2154.   Page replacementThe list of amendments has to be followed, replacing each page by its  new version unless otherwise mentioned.5.   AmendmentsA list of all amendments is given in the following pages.The list includes:-    Page number-    Type of amendment      A   Addition to specification      C  Clarification or correction      E  Editorial change-    Position : paragraph, ...-    Change description